choco-blender/README.md, before:

## Blender (intune/chocolatey)

### App-Typ:

__Windows-App (Win32)__

App-Paketdatei auswählen:

[../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin](../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin?raw=true)


### Name:

```
Blender
```

### Description (Beschreibung):

```
Blender is a free and open-source 3D computer graphics software toolset used for creating animated films, visual effects, art, 3D printed models, motion graphics, interactive 3D applications, virtual reality, and computer games. Blender's features include 3D modeling, UV unwrapping, texturing, raster graphics editing, rigging and skinning, fluid and smoke simulation, particle simulation, soft body simulation, sculpting, animating, match moving, rendering, motion graphics, video editing, and compositing. 
```

### Publisher (Herausgeber)

```
Blender Foundation
```


### Informations-URL:

```
https://www.blender.org/
```

### Icon:

![Blender icon](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/148px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png)

[https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/587px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/587px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png)


### Install:
```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "blender"
```


### Uninstall:
```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "blender" -Uninstall
```




### Detection rules (Erkennungsregeln):

Rule format (Regelformat): __Use a custom detection script (Benutzerdefiniertes Skript für die Erkennung verwenden)__

Script file (Skriptdatei): [detect-blender.ps1](./detect-blender.ps1?raw=true)

Run script as 32-bit process on 64-bit clients: __No__

Enforce script signature check: __No__

### Dependencies (Abhängigkeiten):

chocolatey

Commit message:

added hint to -Log switch

choco-blender/README.md, after:

## Blender (intune/chocolatey)

### App-Typ:

__Windows-App (Win32)__

App-Paketdatei auswählen:

[../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin](../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin?raw=true)


### Name:

```
Blender
```

### Description (Beschreibung):

```
Blender is a free and open-source 3D computer graphics software toolset used for creating animated films, visual effects, art, 3D printed models, motion graphics, interactive 3D applications, virtual reality, and computer games. Blender's features include 3D modeling, UV unwrapping, texturing, raster graphics editing, rigging and skinning, fluid and smoke simulation, particle simulation, soft body simulation, sculpting, animating, match moving, rendering, motion graphics, video editing, and compositing. 
```

### Publisher (Herausgeber)

```
Blender Foundation
```


### Informations-URL:

```
https://www.blender.org/
```

### Icon:

![Blender icon](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/148px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png)

[https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/587px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/587px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png)


### Install:
```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "blender"
```

Note: You may also want to use the `-Log` switch. If provided the install process is logged to a file `%ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Microsoft\IntuneManagementExtension\logs\choco-install-package-blender-yyyy-MM-dd-HHmmss.log`.


### Uninstall:
```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "blender" -Uninstall
```




### Detection rules (Erkennungsregeln):

Rule format (Regelformat): __Use a custom detection script (Benutzerdefiniertes Skript für die Erkennung verwenden)__

Script file (Skriptdatei): [detect-blender.ps1](./detect-blender.ps1?raw=true)

Run script as 32-bit process on 64-bit clients: __No__

Enforce script signature check: __No__

### Dependencies (Abhängigkeiten):

chocolatey
