choco-python/README.md, before:

## Python (intune/chocolatey)

### App-Typ:

__Windows-App (Win32)__

App-Paketdatei auswählen:

[../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin](../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin?raw=true)


### Name:

```
Python
```

### Description (Beschreibung):

```
Python is a programming language that lets you work more quickly and integrate your systems more effectively.

```

### Publisher (Herausgeber)

```
Python Software Foundation
```


### Informations-URL:

```
https://www.python.org/
```

### Icon:

![Python icon](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg/120px-Python-logo-notext.svg.png)

[https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg/480px-Python-logo-notext.svg.png](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg/480px-Python-logo-notext.svg.png)

### Install:

```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "python"
```


### Uninstall:

```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "python" -Uninstall
```



### Detection rules (Erkennungsregeln):

Rule format (Regelformat): __Use a custom detection script (Benutzerdefiniertes Skript für die Erkennung verwenden)__

Script file (Skriptdatei): [detect-python.ps1](./detect-python.ps1?raw=true)

Run script as 32-bit process on 64-bit clients: __No__

Enforce script signature check: __No__

### Dependencies (Abhängigkeiten):

chocolatey

Commit message:

added hint to -Log switch

choco-python/README.md, after:

## Python (intune/chocolatey)

### App-Typ:

__Windows-App (Win32)__

App-Paketdatei auswählen:

[../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin](../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin?raw=true)


### Name:

```
Python
```

### Description (Beschreibung):

```
Python is a programming language that lets you work more quickly and integrate your systems more effectively.

```

### Publisher (Herausgeber)

```
Python Software Foundation
```


### Informations-URL:

```
https://www.python.org/
```

### Icon:

![Python icon](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg/120px-Python-logo-notext.svg.png)

[https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg/480px-Python-logo-notext.svg.png](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg/480px-Python-logo-notext.svg.png)

### Install:

```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "python"
```

Note: You may also want to use the `-Log` switch. If provided the install process is logged to a file `%ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Microsoft\IntuneManagementExtension\logs\choco-install-package-python-yyyy-MM-dd-HHmmss.log`.


### Uninstall:

```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "python" -Uninstall
```



### Detection rules (Erkennungsregeln):

Rule format (Regelformat): __Use a custom detection script (Benutzerdefiniertes Skript für die Erkennung verwenden)__

Script file (Skriptdatei): [detect-python.ps1](./detect-python.ps1?raw=true)

Run script as 32-bit process on 64-bit clients: __No__

Enforce script signature check: __No__

### Dependencies (Abhängigkeiten):

chocolatey
