choco-vscode/README.md, before:

## Visual Studio Code (intune/chocolatey)

### App-Typ:

__Windows-App (Win32)__

App-Paketdatei auswählen:

[../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin](../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin?raw=true)


### Name:

```
Visual Studio Code
```

### Description (Beschreibung):

```
Visual Studio Code is an integrated development environment made by Microsoft for Windows, Linux and macOS.Features include support for debugging, syntax highlighting, intelligent code completion, snippets, code refactoring, and embedded Git. Users can change the theme, keyboard shortcuts, preferences, and install extensions that add additional functionality.

```

### Publisher (Herausgeber)

```
Microsoft
```


### Informations-URL:

```
https://code.visualstudio.com/
```

### Icon:

![Visual Studio Code icon](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9a/Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg/120px-Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg.png)

[https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9a/Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg/480px-Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg.png](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9a/Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg/480px-Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg.png)


### Install:
```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "vscode"
```


### Uninstall:
```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "vscode" -Uninstall
```





### Detection rules (Erkennungsregeln):

Rule format (Regelformat): __Use a custom detection script (Benutzerdefiniertes Skript für die Erkennung verwenden)__

Script file (Skriptdatei): [detect-vscode.ps1](./detect-vscode.ps1?raw=true)

Run script as 32-bit process on 64-bit clients: __No__

Enforce script signature check: __No__

### Dependencies (Abhängigkeiten):

chocolatey

Commit message:

added hint to -Log switch

choco-vscode/README.md, after:

## Visual Studio Code (intune/chocolatey)

### App-Typ:

__Windows-App (Win32)__

App-Paketdatei auswählen:

[../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin](../choco-install-package/choco-install-package.intunewin?raw=true)


### Name:

```
Visual Studio Code
```

### Description (Beschreibung):

```
Visual Studio Code is an integrated development environment made by Microsoft for Windows, Linux and macOS.Features include support for debugging, syntax highlighting, intelligent code completion, snippets, code refactoring, and embedded Git. Users can change the theme, keyboard shortcuts, preferences, and install extensions that add additional functionality.

```

### Publisher (Herausgeber)

```
Microsoft
```


### Informations-URL:

```
https://code.visualstudio.com/
```

### Icon:

![Visual Studio Code icon](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9a/Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg/120px-Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg.png)

[https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9a/Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg/480px-Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg.png](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9a/Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg/480px-Visual_Studio_Code_1.35_icon.svg.png)


### Install:
```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "vscode"
```

Note: You may also want to use the `-Log` switch. If provided the install process is logged to a file `%ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Microsoft\IntuneManagementExtension\logs\choco-install-package-vscode-yyyy-MM-dd-HHmmss.log`.


### Uninstall:
```
powershell.exe -executionpolicy bypass -file ".\choco-install-package.ps1" -Name "vscode" -Uninstall
```





### Detection rules (Erkennungsregeln):

Rule format (Regelformat): __Use a custom detection script (Benutzerdefiniertes Skript für die Erkennung verwenden)__

Script file (Skriptdatei): [detect-vscode.ps1](./detect-vscode.ps1?raw=true)

Run script as 32-bit process on 64-bit clients: __No__

Enforce script signature check: __No__

### Dependencies (Abhängigkeiten):

chocolatey
